Add `.serve`, `.deploy`, and composite trigger examples to deployment triggers docs (#12743)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/automations.md

To enable the simple configuration of event-driven deployments, Prefect provides deployment triggers - a shorthand for creating automations that are linked to specific deployments to run them based on the presence or absence of events.

> Trigger definitions for deployments are supported in `prefect.yaml`, `.serve`, and `.deploy`. At deployment time, this will create a linked automation that is triggered by events matching your chosen [grammar](/concepts/events/#event-grammar), which will pass the templatable `event` as a parameter to the deployment's flow run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trigger definitions for deployments are supported in `prefect.yaml`, `.serve`, and `.deploy`. At deployment time, specified trigger definitions will create a linked automation that is triggered by events matching your chosen [grammar](/concepts/events/#event-grammar). Each trigger definition may include a [jinja template](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinja_(template_engine)) to render the triggering `event` as the `parameters` of your  deployment's flow run.
```

          param_1: "{{ event }}"
```

> This deployment will be run when an `external.resource.pinged` event _and_ an `external.resource.replied` event have been seen from `my.external.resource`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This deployment will create a flow run when an `external.resource.pinged` event _and_ an `external.resource.replied` event have been seen from `my.external.resource`:
```

```yaml
deployments:
  - name: my-deployment
    entrypoint: path/to/flow.py:decorated_fn
    work_pool:
      name: my-work-pool
    triggers:
      - type: compound
        require: all
        parameters:
          param_1: "{{ event }}"
        triggers:
          - type: event
            match:
              prefect.resource.id: my.external.resource
            expect:
              - external.resource.pinged
          - type: event
            match:
              prefect.resource.id: my.external.resource
            expect:
              - external.resource.replied
```

### Defining triggers in `.serve` and `.deploy`

For creating deployments with triggers in Python, the trigger types `DeploymentEventTrigger`, `DeploymentMetricTrigger`, `DeploymentCompoundTrigger`, and `DeploymentSequenceTrigger` can be imported from `prefect.events`:

```python
from prefect import flow
from prefect.events import DeploymentEventTrigger 

@flow(log_prints=True)

> def decorated_fn(param_1):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def decorated_fn(param_1: str):
```

    print(param_1["payload"])

if __name__=="__main__":
    decorated_fn.serve(
        name="my-deployment",
        triggers=[
            DeploymentEventTrigger(
                enabled=True,
                match={"prefect.resource.id": "my.external.resource"},
                expect=["external.resource.pinged"],
                parameters={
                    "param_1": "{{ event }}",
                },
            )
        ],
    )
```

As with prior examples, composite triggers must be supplied with a list of underlying triggers:

```python
from prefect import flow
from prefect.events import DeploymentEventTrigger, DeploymentCompoundTrigger

@flow(log_prints=True)

> def decorated_fn(param_1):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def decorated_fn(param_1: str):
```
